Added brief info on how notifications gets delivered (#10396)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/alerts/teams-admin-alerts.md

- Take corrective actions to get things back on-track.

> [!NOTE]

> > The some of the alert functionalities within the Teams admin center is not available in GCC/GCC-High/DoD environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Some of the alert functionalities within the Teams admin center are not available in GCC/GCC-High/DoD environments.
```

2. From the left navigation, select **Notifications & alerts**.
3. Choose the rule you want to configure from **Rules**.

## How alerts are delivered

> Alerts are delivered either as a Teams channel message or via webhooks depending on what options admin configures in rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alerts are delivered either as a Teams channel message or via webhooks, depending on what options the admin configures in the rule.
```

> Teams Channel alerts are delivered through bot app named **Teams Admin Center**. This bot app is auto-instlled into Team that is choosen by admin while rule configuration to recieve notifications.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teams Channel alerts are delivered via a bot app named **Teams Admin Center**. This bot app is auto-installed into Teams and is chosen by the admin during rule configuration to receive notifications.   
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Teams monitoring rules reference

The following is a list of the Teams monitoring rules available in the Teams admin center.

> |Rule  |Monitoring capability|What's monitored? |Public|GCC|GCCH|DoD|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Rule  |Monitoring capability|What's monitored? |Public|GCC|GCC-H|DoD|
```
